yes here we are trying to blow up Alex
he kind of went AFK X he had to go with
his bad internet and such and now we
gotta kill him with finals I fire I mean
TNT yeah that's what I'm talking about
oh I didn't change his game mode damn it
okay let's retry this before you thank
you welcome okay okay I've got I've got
an idea I got an idea it is what I'm
gonna do is I'm going to drop is
happening and a cookie just to lying it
you like yeah we're blowing you up here
sapling lean cookies and and then he
will die Harvey oh I on white hot wait
hold that fault hold that fault i'm
holding a fool i'm holding the full
isn't that for that it's thanks Gabby
yes hmm I'm just like loading up my oh
any of the doors well where where the
cookies in this damn thing here they are
right Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam yes
I'm giving him a proper sacrifice as you
can tell I've been a very hurt all the
Sun oh my god she's circling okay for
the barrier time
that's what you get for going AFK Alex
hello oh my god does what any fucking
time I was gonna say as well yeah well
all right you've got ya he brought ya
fucking sound is that recorded with the
sound yeah i think it was yeah it was it
was around yeah i'm putting that up now
no questions asked ok thank you very
much for watching people will see you
next time where we blow up damn it
chennai boomers sometimes when i'm bored
and I can hold a cactus